[DOCS] update clone commands with -b main or - b <release-tag> (#2662)
open-edge-platform/edge-ai-suites: manufacturing-ai-suite/industrial-edge-insights-vision/docs/user-guide/worker-safety-gear-detection/get-started/deploy-with-helm.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This command looks for the payload for the pipeline specified in `-p` argument above, inside the `payload.json` file and launches a pipeline instance in DL Streamer Pipeline Server. Refer to the table, to learn about the different options available.
```

Author: Thanks, suggestion applied.

>    > **Note:** This would start the pipeline. You can view the inference stream on WebRTC by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > **Note:** This starts the pipeline. You can view the inference stream on WebRTC by
```

Author: Thanks, suggestion applied.
